[GUI] Support drawing text on canvas (#1070)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/gui.rst

    Draw a hollow rectangle.

> .. function:: gui.text(context, pos, font_size = 15, color = 0xFFFFFF)
> 
>     :parameter gui: (GUI) the window object
>     :parameter pow: (tuple of 2) the top-left point position of the fonts / texts
>     :parameter font_size: (optional, scalar) the size of font (in height)
>     :parameter color: (optional, RGB hex) the foreground color of text
> 
>     Draw a line of text on screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. function:: gui.text(content, font_size = 15, color = 0xFFFFFF)

    :parameter gui: (GUI) the GUI object
    :parameter content: (``str``) the text to print
    :parameter pos: (tuple of 2) the top-left anchor position of the text
    :parameter font_size: (optional, scalar) font size (height, in pixels)
    :parameter color: (optional, RGB hex) text foreground color

    Draw text on the screen.
```
